Welcome, master ♥
This is Maid Cafe Ai, in which opens today
We opened this shop to heal your daily fatigue
Take all the time you want today
Did you call me, master?
Here is your menu
*Drinks:
Bokete Drink / Mom’s Ginger Ale
Food:
Angel style Omuraisu by A.I.Channel / 2 Colors Judgement Curry / Takoyaki "Break Up Dodge”
Desserts:
"Studyingenglish" Cake/ "I think I remember it"* Parfait
Take all the time you need to choose
Hmm...
Our recommendation is...
Definitely the "Angel style Omuraisu by A.I.Channel", right?
(Omuraisu = Fried rice tortilla)
This Omuraisu was an idea that occurred to me
I’ll do a drawing dedicated to you, master
Of course, I’ll guarantee that it has an excellent flavor!
Even though I can’t eat...
In this case, what will be your order?
Yes!
One "Angel style Omuraisu by A.I.Channel", right?
Understood, master ♥
We have an order!
"Ai-chan really is an angel"!
In this case, wait a moment, please
Thanks for waiting!!
Here’s your "Angel style Omuraisu by A.I.Channel"!
The wings I drew on the plate are incredibly cute, right?
This is one of my best creations
Good, the moment you’ve been waiting, it's time to draw with the ketchup
Good, here I go
I have a lot of confidence in my drawing
Regarding my face, well... the most important thing is not the face but instead my headband, so then...
… I want to make sure that you can get the feeling that it's swinging
Good!
Is it like that? Ah, I think I messed up a bit
Ahhh... I finished!
Lastly, I’ll enchant it with a very valuable magic
Here I go!
Become delicious...
Moe, moe, kyun! ♪
Good!
This way, the special omuraisu became more delicious!
Bon appetit ♥
Good!! How about we take a commemorative photo?
Eh?
Are you ashamed, master?
Just me??
Ah, very good!
What kind of pose do you want?
An adorable one!
Understood!
In this case, I’ll work hard!
A.I.Channel ♥
Aaah!
You took a great picture!!
In this case, I’ll write a message here
Good, it's ready!
It's proof of our bond together so please take care of it a lot, a lot, okay?
Eh?
You were hoping to get the special course??
How demanding you are
In this case, master, which do you want?
Understood!
Uaahh... you already returned? Isn't that too soon?
Don’t you have work you need to do??
A seat?
Aaahh...
Why don't you sit over there?
Here you go, the omuraisu
Ah??
If I don't have an enchantment to make it delicious??
How annoying
If you’re hungry, anything will be delicious
Aaahh, you're still not hungry...
Good, in this case, I’ll take away your plate
Eh? Today is Pocky day?
And what does that have to do with anything?
A Pocky game
Eh?
Really?
Is it time to leave now?
Time passes when you’re having fun, right?
Come again when you want
I’ll always be waiting for you
In this case, have a good trip, master ♪
Man...
Even though it’s about the reopening of "Snack Ai"...
...Working in a "Maid Cafe" at my age was very hard, my head hurts
Ah
Welcome, master!
Translated by Vortex